RDAPI-24144 uprelease notes and pre may21 upgrade instructions (#1853)
Axway/axway-open-docs: content/en/docs/apim_yamles/apim_yamles_references/yamles_known_limitations.md

"description": "List of known limitations related to the YAML configuration."
}

## Prior to May 21 YAML configurations upgrade

YAML configuration upgrade will be supported in a fully automated way following May 21 release. However there is support to upgrade existing YAML configuration under the following conditions:

* Only 7.7 January 21 and March 21 releases are supported, with manual steps (see below)
* `update_apigw` script do not support YAML configuration upgrade prior to May 21 release

### Upgrade 7.7 January 21 and March 21 releases

> For user having configuration made with preview release since January 21 (prior versions are not supported) you must perform the following actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade your YAML configuration created from January 21 and March 21 releases you must perform the following actions:
```

Reviewer: I think we should add a separate note to clearly mention that upgrade of version prior to January 21 is not supported at all.

YAML configuration upgrade is supported in a fully automated way. However upgrade support to existing YAML configurations, created using technical preview releases, can be perform following these criteria:

> * Technical preview releases ([API Gateway Jan 21](/docs/apim_relnotes/20210130_apimgr_relnotes/), [API Gateway Mar 21](/docs/apim_relnotes/20210330_apimgr_relnotes/)) can be upgraded with manual steps, as described in following sections.

Reviewer 2: As discussed and agreed with management, we have to avoid release-specific information in the one-version documentation, so I'm not accepting this change.

Author: Fair enough

* Any YAML configuration created before [API Gateway Jan 21](/docs/apim_relnotes/20210130_apimgr_relnotes/) update cannot be upgraded.
* The service pack update (`update_apigw`) script does not support YAML configuration upgrade prior to [API Gateway May 21](/docs/apim_relnotes/20210530_apimgr_relnotes/#yaml-configuration-store-ga) update.

### Upgrade technical preview releases

> To upgrade configurations made with **Preview releases** since [API Gateway Jan 21](/docs/apim_relnotes/20210130_apimgr_relnotes/) upgrade (prior versions are not supported), perform the following steps:

Reviewer 2: I don't know about the first occurrence o 'upgrade', but the second instance is '**update**'. FYI, API Gtw bimonthly releases are **updates**, not upgrades. So, I'll change the second one.

Author: Agreed, but see my point above, upgrade configuration means "migrate configuration ta latest version". That is why the CLI command is named 'yamles upgrade"
